README.md, before:

# MfeAmplitudeIntegration POC

<a alt="Nx logo" href="https://nx.dev" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nrwl/nx/master/images/nx-logo.png" width="45"></a>

✨ **This workspace has been generated by [Nx](https://nx.dev)** ✨

## Introduction
This is a POC to demonstrate how to integrate Amplitude into a micro frontend architecture. The POC is based on the following documentation: https://www.notion.so/jtproduct/Amplitude-integration-in-Module-Federation-micro-frontend-architecture-6eef5f757cf340f9901178bdc5c96ebb?pvs=4


## Getting Started

### 0. Project structure

In this Nx generated MFE boilerplate, we have 3 apps:
- `host`: the host app
- `remote1-app`: a  micro frontend
- `remote2-app`: a  micro frontend

All apps are:
 - using [React.js](https://react.dev/).
 - utilizing Webpack 5 Module Federation to share code between apps.
 All libraries NPM are shared singletons by default (default settings in `nx.json`).

### 1. Requirements & install dependencies in the root folder

You need to have a minimum Node.js version >= 16 installed on your machine.

   ```bash
   npm install
   ```
   or with Yarn

```bash
   yarn install
   ```

It is prerequisite to have Nx CLI installed on your machine
```bash
npm install -g nx
```
or with Yarn
```bash
yarn global add nx
```


### 2. Running in local


In project root folder run the following command to start all apps:
```bash
nx run-many --parallel --target=serve --projects=host,remote1-app,remote2-app
```
Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/` to open the `host` app.
For **remote1** and **remote2** use ports `4201` and `4202` respectively.
The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Further help

Visit the [Nx Documentation](https://nx.dev) to learn more.

[Zoltan Rakottyai ](https://jobandtalent.slack.com/archives/D03SGM9HBC6)<zoltan.rakottyai@jobandtalent.com>
Via Slack: [@Zoltan Rakottyai](https://jobandtalent.slack.com/archives/D03SGM9HBC6)

Commit message:

add readme for prod mode

README.md, after:

# MfeAmplitudeIntegration POC

<a alt="Nx logo" href="https://nx.dev" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nrwl/nx/master/images/nx-logo.png" width="45"></a>

✨ **This workspace has been generated by [Nx](https://nx.dev)** ✨

## Introduction
This is a POC to demonstrate how to integrate Amplitude into a micro frontend architecture. The POC is based on the following documentation: https://www.notion.so/jtproduct/Amplitude-integration-in-Module-Federation-micro-frontend-architecture-6eef5f757cf340f9901178bdc5c96ebb?pvs=4


## Getting Started

### 0. Project structure

In this Nx generated MFE boilerplate, we have 3 apps:
- `host`: the host app
- `remote1-app`: a  micro frontend
- `remote2-app`: a  micro frontend

All apps are:
 - using [React.js](https://react.dev/).
 - utilizing Webpack 5 Module Federation to share code between apps.
 All libraries NPM are shared singletons by default (default settings in `nx.json`).

### 1. Requirements & install dependencies in the root folder

You need to have a minimum Node.js version >= 16 installed on your machine.

   ```bash
   npm install
   ```
   or with Yarn

```bash
   yarn install
   ```

It is prerequisite to have Nx CLI installed on your machine
```bash
npm install -g nx
```
or with Yarn
```bash
yarn global add nx
```


### 2. Running in local (development mode)


In project root folder run the following command to start all apps:
```bash
nx run-many --parallel --target=serve --projects=host,remote1-app,remote2-app
```
Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/` to open the `host` app.
For **remote1** and **remote2** use ports `4201` and `4202` respectively.
The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

### 3. Running in production mode

In project root folder run the following command to build all apps:
```bash
nx run-many --parallel --target=build  -c=production --projects=host,remote1-app,remote2-app
```


The run the following command to serve in production mode:
```bash
nx run-many --parallel --target=serve  -c=production --projects=host,remote1-app,remote2-app

```


## Further help

Visit the [Nx Documentation](https://nx.dev) to learn more.

[Zoltan Rakottyai ](https://jobandtalent.slack.com/archives/D03SGM9HBC6)<zoltan.rakottyai@jobandtalent.com>
Via Slack: [@Zoltan Rakottyai](https://jobandtalent.slack.com/archives/D03SGM9HBC6)
